FAIR EMPLOYERS PRIVATE LIMITED
Date: 1st August 2026
Subject: Offer of Employment - Data Analyst

Dear Candidate,

01 POSITION
You are offered the role of Data Analyst reporting to the Head of Analytics. Your annual cost to company is as set out in Annexure A.

02 PROBATION
You will be on probation for three (3) months from the date of joining. On satisfactory completion the Company shall confirm your employment in writing. Probation shall not be extended beyond a further three months.

03 NOTICE PERIOD
Either party may terminate this employment by giving thirty (30) (30) days written notice to the other. The notice period is the same for both the Company and the Employee.

04 CONFIDENTIALITY
You shall keep confidential all non-public information of the Company for a period of three (3) years following the end of your employment. This obligation does not apply to information that is already in the public domain or that becomes public through no fault of yours.

05 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
Work product created by you during working hours and in the course of your duties for the Company shall vest in the Company. Work created by you before joining the Company, and work created outside working hours that is unrelated to the business of the Company, remains yours. Nothing in this clause affects your moral rights as an author.

06 TERMINATION FOR CAUSE
The Company may terminate your employment for cause, which means only the following: conviction of a criminal offence, proven fraud, or wilful breach of the confidentiality clause. In each case the Company shall give you written notice of the specific ground and thirty (30) days to remedy it where the breach is capable of remedy.

07 RESTRICTIONS DURING EMPLOYMENT
While employed by the Company you shall not engage in any other paid employment without written consent. This restriction applies only during your employment and ends on your last working day.

08 GOVERNING LAW
This letter is governed by the laws of India. Any dispute shall be referred to arbitration before a sole arbitrator appointed jointly by both parties, seated in the city where you are based.
